it's so quiet in here I killed by my own
goddamn swarm what the fuck deserved it
is it yeah it's just gonna hook it's
gonna come by get killed by my own
warthog my own warthog just killed me I
heard the Hat your do you want to go to
rom and no G play MLG anaheim anaheim
the area's pretty hard way and he
completed on the main stage um I'm
pretty sure that we can make you to the
main stage cuz we got a well-rounded
team do we have the backstage passes
that we had last year there yeah um I
got him signed by wall she used to be
the captain of final boss okay okay yeah
I remember that yeah holy shit you sound
professor there was that shudders
fucking mess up Oh believe our pockets
got my cover droid I know it's gonna be
a lot because I'm pretty huge but can
you get my cover shared you scared
Brenda magistrate oh yeah go Bobby Bob I
should hope to kill a plan I want to
kill a plan we were like you like show
how to kill Adam wait wait explain it we
just let new so please here's to do
something you'll see where this movie's
gonna die Oh
follow this place forever
you